Is the destiny of mankind controlled by some transcendental entity or law?
Is it like the hand of God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no control, even over his own will.
Guts... ...are you thinking of...
Are you going to leave the Band of the Hawk?
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes their phrase.
Even mother will show you another way.
So put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame. There's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I... ...can... I can get it off.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you want.
I don't know why... Don't know why...
Don't know why you're afraid.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why... Don't know why... Too late...
It's too late.
The Decisive Battle
Message!
I have a report!
Our army has endured immense damage!
Only this headquarters remains intact!
How could this have happened?
We White Tiger Knights have one of the strongest armies in all Midland...
...and we have been beaten so easily!
That castle of Doldrey is quite impregnable!
I have a report!
Now what?
A thousand cavalrymen from the enemy fort's main gate!
They are charging our headquarters!
What?
The strongest of all Tudor's armies...
The Purple Rhino Knights?
This hundred-year war...
...was triggered by the Tudor Empire's invasion on Midland's territory.
The castle of Doldrey once belonged...
...to our kingdom as an integral part of our defenses.
Ironically, this fort has become a staging point...
...for attacks by the Tudor army ever since they captured it.
However, civil war may break forth at any moment in the Tudor Empire...
...in regards to the matter of imperial succession.
Most likely, the empire cannot...
...afford to spare all of its great military forces for this war.
Indeed, this is a rare opportunity for us!
We can't miss this opportunity to achieve the conquest of Doldrey!
No, to recapture our fief!
Very well, what shall we do about it?
The principal garrison stationed there is the Purple Rhino Knights.
They're led by fierce General Boscone and are the strongest knights...
...in the entire empire!
Even our most powerful asset...
...the White Tiger Knights, suffered great losses when engaging them.
An all-out attack... That might be our only option.
That is very risky!
You must consider the overall campaign...
...as we've already lost forty percent of our total fighting strength.
There is no guarantee...
...that we will conquer Doldrey, even if we deploy all of our assets.
If the battle is prolonged...
We will likely be caught between their main army and the occupation forces!
If we are rash, we'll risk the annihilation of our entire armed forces.
I believe the war is overall in our favor, and eventually we shall be victorious.
Therefore, such a dangerous gamble is not worth the risk.
But our final objective in this war is to take control of Doldrey!
To recapture our fief, occupying Doldrey is essential!
However, which unit will be considered for the role of the vanguard?
Remember, we lost the White Tiger Knights.
Well...
What would you say, Sir Griffith?
Even your invincible Band of the Hawk wouldn't be able to handle this, right?
We could, if given the order.
I understand. It can't be helped... Hey...
If Your Majesty gives me the order... Nonsense!
Do you think you can really do it?
Your Lordship understands nothing about the difficulties!
He has gotten a rather swelled head...
...on account of his lucky victories in the past.
I agree.
During the past one hundred years, that castle has never been damaged...
...despite all of our many desperate attempts to capture it.
However, you still say you can conquer it?
My Lord Griffith...
Can you truly do this?
He is being reckless, Your Majesty!
The Doldrey conquest requires us to employ an enormous armed force!
If we fail at this time, it will cause great permanent damage to us...
I do not need to engage them with a large army.
The Band of the Hawk alone will cope with this matter.
What?
That's impossible!
Who do you think you are?
Don't be ridiculous!
A mere force of five thousand men...
...against the enemy's occupation force of thirty thousand strong?
Don't get cocky, boy!
And don't think your cunning little schemes will succeed forever!
General...
There's no need to get up in arms over this.
What?
Sooner or later, we will have to venture into total war.
We are left with no other options in this matter.
But having a single troop first carry out such a clever ploy...
...should not affect the overall leadership of this army.
And considering the Band of the Hawk's past achievements...
...it's unfair to say that they will have no chance at all.
Do not underestimate Doldrey!
Damn...
Your Majesty, please give us your final word.
I command that the Band of the Hawk be committed to Doldrey's conquest.
His Majesty has certainly aged.
How could he rely upon a newcomer, a boy like him?
The army of Midland has lost all dignity.
Well...
I can imagine how he feels, but there's nothing that can be done...
You have quite a high opinion of that man, don't you?
I wonder if the White Hawk will rise to the occasion, as you expect he will.
Well, either way, I told them the truth.
Even if he loses the battle...
No other man in Midland...
...is even capable of conquering Doldrey.
Certainly.
It may be strange for a man to say this...
...but he looks as if he just stepped out of a painting.
A commander beyond all others...
Perhaps, we are fighting alongside the kind of hero...
...who only emerges once in a century.
Doldrey, huh?
Whatever, it makes no difference to me.
Anyone can win a war or dice game if it's meant to be!
There!
There you go!
Get outta here!
Winning ten times in a row?
The commander won everything again.
You really have the devil's own luck, boss!
All right!
I won't give up until I get my money back!
What's wrong?
Is there something bothering you?
N-No...
Don't worry.
We've been through this kind of thing before.
If a self-respecting man like him offered to fight...
The odds must be in his favor.
I hope he doesn't lose his composure...
Do you remember what I told you some time ago?
When we became involved in a territorial dispute in a certain region...
Griffith... I mean...
That nobleman you mentioned...
Shit, the commander won again?
Give me a break!
That nobleman was promoted to governor in a certain empire...
His bribe money spoke the loudest when the position was awarded.
Hey, don't tell me he...
The governor of the empire of Tudor's northlands, Governor Gennon.
That's the title he currently holds.
Sir Adon, we are glad to see you safe.
I, known far and wide as the invulnerable and resourceful Adon...
...would never die so easily!
Anyway, that boy...
If we meet on the battlefield again, I certainly won't let him get away!
For shame, Adon!
Your Grace, General Boscone!
To settle a personal grudge...
You deployed all those mercenaries, and all you achieved was total defeat!
Even worse than that, your brother Samson is dead!
You've got a lot of nerve coming back here alone...
...after such a disgrace!
No, uh...
I-It is not true, Your Grace... Truthfully...
This is outrageous!
From now on, I divest you of any authority to command in this war.
You should appreciate the fact I'm not throwing you in the dungeons!
Your foe was reportedly only one soldier, the same man in the rumors...
That cannot be...
You were strict as usual.
I could even hear you shouting from up here.
Please excuse my harsh manner. It must be unpleasant to your ear.
All right then.
By the way, according to my spies...
...the second wave for the conquest of Doldrey has been chosen.
You know them well by now... ...the Band of the Hawk.
You look happy.
No, I do not mean to...
But they seem to be much more difficult to deal with...
...than the other opponents, who rely only on numbers and reputation.
Anyhow, I need to tell you something before you set off for battle.
The Band of the Hawk's leader, Griffith the White Hawk...
You must not kill him.
Keep him alive and bring him to me.
But...
Keep in mind this is your governor's order.
How are your wounds? Still hurts?
I'm fine now.
Thanks to the medicine you gave me.
Even so, the more I see that fortress, the less confident I feel.
The castle walls are built twice as high and twice as thick than any other.
The far side is protected by a sheer cliff...
And the Purple Rhinos are stationed there as well.
No big deal. It's just like any other castle, only bigger.
We'll just do what we always do.
I hope so, anyway.
Either way, I'm surprised.
He burned all the boats.
What on earth is the White Hawk thinking?
I wonder if his tactic is to position himself with his back to the river?
It doesn't matter.
With their numbers, they can only stave off the inevitable for a moment.
All we have to do is attack them head-on.
However...
Does the governor happen to have some relation to him?
Well, it's a waste of time for me to worry about such absurdities!
My duty is only to tear my opponents apart until the end!
The White Hawk...
I have never imagined that I would see him alive again.
I'll definitely have him.
Look at all of this dust!
It's part of my plan.
Are you all right?
Good.
It's about time to move.
I hope he doesn't lose his composure...
That will never happen.
He's the last man to lose his calm...
This is the final time...
...I wield my sword under this flag...
First formation, advance!
But I'm not going to leave any loose ends behind me...
I'm going to take full responsibility as the leader of the Raiders!
Draw your swords!
First formation, charge!
The first formation contains...
...two thousand men directly under Griffith and his top companies' control!
What nonsense...
Dividing his army into two formations when he only has five thousand men?
I don't know what kind of cunning plan he's trying to hatch...
Very well, I'll accept your challenge!
All units, charge!
Grind the enemy's first formation into dust!
Are these their Raiders we've heard so many reports about?
Interesting!
One of the enemy's companies is bursting through our front line!
They're aiming to get at our army's leaders by breaking through head-on...
Is this the White Hawk's scheme?
Follow the commander!
This can't be!
Nothing has ever obstructed the Purple Rhino's assault before...
We can't move any further. In fact, we might even be repelled!
General!
That's him.
Reportedly, he wiped out one hundred mercenaries all by himself...
It seems that report was not altogether false.
Well, the White Hawk possesses good personnel.
Remain steadfast!
They're just trying to disrupt our training!
Fall back into formation, then counterattack!
They put up a good fight against the Purple Rhino Knights...
But they will soon realize their limits.
Damn you, Boscone! At this rate, you could end up killing Griffith!
Someone, attend to me!
Yes, sir!
Have my personal guard prepare to take the field.
I will command directly from the battlefield!
However, what about defending the castle?
Pay no mind!
As things stand, the Band of the Hawk cannot...
...get any closer to the castle walls.
Yes, sir!
My precious hawk is coming back to me...
I'm not going to let him be killed for nothing.
It's time, Captain!
All companies, retreat!
Regroup at the base camp!
Come on, men, get moving!
The enemy is retreating!
Start the pursuit!
Strange!
They must have foreseen the consequences...
...since they chose this particular strategy.
Did the invincible White Hawk really plot this scheme?
I'm not going to contradict you...
...but maybe you think too highly of those men, General?
Nevertheless, just give us the command to pursue them!
If we let them get away...
...the soldiers will be disgruntled because they'll have missed out...
...on their chance at glory!
What are you doing, Boscone?
Governor!
The enemy is retreating.
Will you miss a chance for victory just to observe them?
No, but...
I order everyone!
Do not kill the enemy's leader, Count Griffith!
Capture him alive!
I promise that anyone who succeeds...
...in capturing him will be immediately promoted two ranks!
I will reward you with whatever you want!
Governor!
You should not promise such things.
I care not!
But it affects military discipline!
Boscone!
From now on, I am taking direct command!
The Purple Rhino Knights are to immediately pursue the enemy!
Notify the entire army of my orders!
Make sure it is enforced!
General...
There's nothing we can do about this.
All units, move to pursue the enemy!
As rear guard, there are far too many for me to take on alone...
But after everything, they are taking the bait, just as Griffith planned.
Yeah, everything was executed so it would play perfectly into your hand...
As always...
What a thrilling view!
We're not going to deal with all of that, are we?
Formations, regroup!
We are reaching a crucial moment.
Our backs are to the river!
There's no way to escape!
Lay down your lives!
If you don't, we are doomed!
If we can survive... ...then we'll have won!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight. You're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying your crown?
I'm spending my glass, walking back.
So wear my glass. You're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
When every battle means life or death, defeat is not an option.
No matter how much pain and grief a man undergoes...
...he can never turn his back.
To realize a dream means to shed blood.
Could this also be the curse of having a youthful heart?
The Conqueror